Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
wait
Wait for Tian'er and Shi'er to join Tianshen College
Then ask the emperor of the emperor's party to take action to trap Qinshan
Only then can we take action
and
With the emperor's help
It won't take long for Tian'er to
can be promoted to the spiritual sea realm
By then
Even if Qin Shan wants to take revenge on us
We can also rely on something
good
Then let Qin Yang live a few more days
This son will not be eliminated
It’s hard to get rid of the hatred in my heart
right
Just wait
They only have a few days to live.
in the near future
Qin family
Will completely disappear from Lingyun City
Qin Yang
Must die
many
Yang'er
Let's go into the house and talk
Your injuries are really all healed
Just experienced three wars
Is there anything uncomfortable?
Father doesn't need to worry
I'm fine
There is nothing abnormal about the body
That's good
It’s really God’s blessing
Fortunately you are safe
but
This Ling Shicheng is really old and poisonous
Seize your star gate by force
Moved to his son Ling Tian
This matter must never be let go.
It's not that simple
Ling Tian
It's because
Being favored by the emperor of Tianshen Academy
I intend to accept him as a student
But proposed
Must have a Star Gate as a prerequisite
That's why they attacked me
Emperor's Party
I've heard of this emperor's party
It is said
their power
He is famous throughout the Beiming Empire
The emperor who headed
Even more talented
Rumors
Or is it the coming of the Son of God?
You can control the wind and rain in Tianshen Academy
this time
Although you won the competition between Lingchu and Shen’s family,
But he also completely broke up with them.
The three major families joined forces to besiege my Qin family.
It's a matter of time
Yang'er
Get ready now
Go to the Imperial Capital
imperial capital
good
The three major families joining forces cannot be underestimated
Judging from the current strength of our Qin family,
I can't resist it at all
You have to leave Lingyun City as soon as possible
Go to the Imperial Capital
And take the Tianshen College assessment
strive for admission
there
Your big brother will protect you
will be safe
many
I won't leave
It is impossible for me to disregard the safety of the entire Qin family
It’s even more impossible for you to take risks for me.
The reason why I dare to confront the three major families head-on
Not a moment of courage
Yang'er
Don't act out of anger.
They dare not take action today
It's because Ji Chan is your eldest brother
If you wait until Ling Tian and Chu Ningshi
Rush to Tianshen Academy
They will definitely unite with the Emperor's Party
Deal with your brother
Make it impossible for your elder brother to escape
until then
The Qin family is in danger
Even as a father, it’s hard for me to protect you.
The father thinks
How long will it take for them to take action?
three months
even shorter
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
three months
enough
Father, don't worry
Before you are completely sure
I won't mess around
Since you insist so much
I won’t say any more
Even if I have to sacrifice my old bones to become a father,
I want to protect you too
alright
It's getting late
I'm leaving
You must be exhausted today
Go to bed early
Father walks slowly
The Qin family is currently facing many crises
Outside the Qin family
The three major families are eyeing each other
They will soon attack my Qin family
And the Qin family is not monolithic.
First elder unites with second elder
fifth elder
Want to take over my father's position as patriarch
It made people in the clan feel disorganized.
They advocated seeking peace with the three major families
Attempting to cede the interests of the Qin family in exchange for peace
How stupid
The world of warriors
no permanent friends
only eternal interests
Strength is the foundation for settling down and settling down.
Don't think about it anymore
Now we must seize the time to practice
Improving strength is the most important thing
When the Conferred God Bead repaired my injury before,
A lot of spiritual energy remains in my limbs and five internal organs
Completely absorbed these spiritual energies
Maybe my cultivation can go further
Didn't expect it to go so smoothly
He has cultivated into the Five Doors and Dumen Realm.
When I played against Ling Kun today,
I use the four-door injury realm
Forcibly activate the secret method
Force the spiritual energy out of the body
Causes spiritual energy to leak out
The effect of transformation
But a secret method is a secret method after all
It always hurts the body
It's different now
Every time a realm of nine gates is opened,
It will open a major point in the body
Although my body is in good shape
But there are still many flaws
You must do it while you are young
Take care of yourself
To regulate the body
You must use good elixirs
Fortunately, in the fifth life
I practice alchemy hard
Eventually became the Nine Yuan Dan Emperor
This aspect doesn't trouble me.
For alchemy
Alchemy fire and alchemy furnace are particularly important
in
Dan fire is the key to refining
The so-called elixir fire
It’s when warriors absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth
Then integrated into the internal organs
Combining with body fire
Condensed magical flames
And only those who condense the elixir fire
Only then can one become an alchemist
Each alchemist has a different level of elixir fire.
The corresponding colors are also different
from low to high
There are seven levels in total
The colors are
red
orange
yellow
green
purple
Purple fire is the highest
Red fire is the lowest
Each level of elixir fire is divided into three levels: upper, middle and lower.
Generally speaking
The higher the level of the alchemist's alchemy fire
The greater the chance of refining high-level elixirs
And if the alchemist wants to improve his alchemy level,
It must be swallowed and fused
Various types of heaven and earth flames
Such as animal fire
It's actually just a low-grade red fire elixir
Although it is enough to use it to refine level four mortal elixirs
But we still need to find some heaven and earth spiritual fire as soon as possible
To improve the level of Danhuo
middle
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)